[exporter/azuremonitor] support sending to multiple azuremonitor exporter (#36700)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/azuremonitorexporter/README.md

  - `num_consumers` (default = 10): Number of consumers that dequeue batches; ignored if `enabled` is `false`
  - `queue_size` (default = 1000): Maximum number of batches kept in memory before data; ignored if `enabled` is `false`
  - `storage` (default = `none`): When set, enables persistence and uses the component specified as a storage extension for the persistent queue

> - `shutdown_timeout` (default = 1s): When component is shutdowning, it'll force shutdown this component when exceed the timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `shutdown_timeout` (default = 1s): Timeout to wait for graceful shutdown. Once exceeded, the component will shut down forcibly, dropping any element in queue.
```
